AKS Baseline Multi Cluster - Adding a note to inform the user about the deprecated --sdk-auth option when creating the github workflow's credentials (#48)
mspnp/aks-baseline-multi-region: docs/deploy/06-aks-cluster.md

        ```bash
        # Create an Azure Service Principal

>         #
>         # This command will generate a sp.json file that in the format expected by the GitHub Actions for
>         # Azure. This is accomplished by using the deprecated --sdk-auth flag. For alternatives, including
>         # using Federated Identity, see: https://github.com/Azure/login#configure-deployment-credentials

Reviewer: Sorry, I had a typo in there!

```suggestion
        #
        # This command will generate a sp.json file in the format expected by GitHub Actions for Azure.
        # This is accomplished by using the deprecated --sdk-auth flag. For alternatives, including using
        # Federated Identity, see https://github.com/Azure/login#configure-deployment-credentials.
```

        ```bash
        # Create an Azure Service Principal

>         #
>         # Note that you will be running the next command using the --sdk-auth flag which is marked 
>         # as deprecated; however, the github workflow's Azure login action, using the credentials 
>         # generated by this command's output will still be successful. The Azure login action 
>         # supports an improved way of authenticating with Azure using a Federated Identity 
>         # Credential. We plan on including this new method in the next updates.
>         #

Reviewer: How about shortening the message to these three lines?

```suggestion
        #
        # This command will generate a sp.json file that in the format expected by the GitHub Actions for
        # Azure. This is accomplished by using the deprecated --sdk-auth flag. For alternatives, including
        # using Federated Identity, see: https://github.com/Azure/login#configure-deployment-credentials
```
